all right so at the moment we've got an
interface is not terribly pretty and the
options for formatting the information
are fairly limited when you're using the
basic array adapter class but this
example does demonstrate how easy it is
to use the ListView and an adapter
together now if we wanted more control
over exactly what happens in the
ListView we then have to create our own
adapter and we'll actually do that in
the next video
but what I want to do though is go
through and we're going to comment out
the two string method in the the two
string method in the feed entry class
just to show that the basic array
adapter is using the objects two string
method to display the class data and
it's also going to show you what the
default to string method produces so
we're gonna head back to our class
soaking together to parse applications
now if you remember it was actually in
main activity class feed entry which we
had in our main activity so we cannot
comment out the function the two string
function we just can it literally just
select all of it up to and including the
closing right curly brace comment it out
and if you actually run the app again
now
you can see that we're just getting
their full class name and their strange
hexadecimal number here that's actually
changing for each object
well that numbers the hash code of each
instance of the feed entry class so it's
not very user friendly and we're not
seeing any of the actual data in the
objects so that's why it was a good idea
to override the two to the two string
function so that we could see the actual
data rather than this default
representation of the objects so I
mentioned earlier that we have to cater
for the activity being destroyed while
our async tasks still running now that's
quite easy we can just cancel the tasks
in the activities on destroy method now
we don't have to move the Declaration of
download data to make it available in
ondestroy but let's go ahead and write
the on destroy method first so I'm going
to go back to our main activity we're
going to put this just below the
oncreate before the companion object
line and will override we're looking for
undestroyed so we're getting Android
studio too right then I'll destroy stub
for us we'll create this stub for us so
in terms of the calls we're going to
leave the super don't destroy in there
and we're gonna add this one extra long
as that's gonna be download data dot
cancel parentheses true now at the
moment download data is local to the
other create method so to get this to
work we need to declare it at the top of
the class instead so I'm going to come
up to the top of the class and do just
that and we're going to put that just
below the initial rough tag here so
they'll download data is equal to
download data of capital DS for both
words and parentheses this comma space
XML ListView
now I'm getting this warning here when
this error public properly exposes its
private type download data there all
properties in Kotler the public by
default so download data is public but
that's its type in our private class
come down here and have a look we've got
the type set for private here in line 52
that's what's causing a problem
so you can't expose an object whose top
is private so we have to make download
data private which it really should be
anyway even if Kotlin doesn't enforce
this or didn't enforce this there's no
reason for well you know why anything
outside main activity should be using
our download data object anyway so we're
gonna go back up and change this it
should be private Val so when I with the
keyword private to satisfy Kotler there
alright so there's no error but at the
moment it won't work though so why won't
this work have a think about what's
being passed to the download data
constructor here and when we can
reasonably expect things to exist pause
the video now and then I'll explain why
the code won't work when you come back
all right so did you figure out why well
what's wrong with that code well the
problems caused by passing the reference
to our ListView to the constructor now
none of our widgets will exist until
after the call to set content view in
the oncreate method and we saw this if
you recall in the calculator app the
solution is to use by lazy so that the
initialization isn't performed until the
first time we need to use our download
data object so let's go ahead and change
that so it should be private Vout
download data by lazy and we'll get rid
of the equal sign so by lazy then we
have put a left-to-right curly braces
and we put this in the left or right
curly braces like so so by the time we
use download data the layouts been
created and the widgets are available in
our code so if you're not clear about
that review the discussion that we had
about this in the last section about
using by lazy alright so that's it the
activity is destroyed all our async
tasks running in the task will be
canceled now the other thing we need to
do is obviously comment out our vow
download data and what I didn't do was I
probably should have actually copied
this line 41 and actually copied it over
and sort of paste that or move to I
should say back up to the reference here
on line 34 because obviously we've got
the definition of download data in two
places now so obviously that's another
reason why we would have got an error
when we're actually running this but the
point is that should not be in there so
to actually remove that now remove an
entire definition on line 41 that's in
the oncreate function because obviously
now we've got the definitions showing up
here on line 34 in our main activity
class and because again we're using by
lazy the values are only going to get
updated with their first accessed right
so let's just run this again to make
sure it works or at lease a that that's
still working what I'll do is I'll also
make a change and put back the two
string again just so we can see the
normal values again they're running
again okay so that's working nicely so
now if the activity is destroyed while
our async tasks running the task will be
canceled now by the way the boolean
argument to the cancel function I'm
talking about this online 40 code onload
47 that tells Android that it can
interrupt the task and that's why we're
passing true there to save that is okay
to do that now that may seem like a
strange thing to have to specify when
cancelling a task however you may want
the task to complete anyway depending on
well it's doing what you don't want and
what would cause a crash is if you then
try to pass its results back to the
activity that's being destroyed so there
are situations where you want to pass
false to the cancel function all right
so I'm gonna stop the video here and in
the next one we're gonna start creating
our own adapter and this gives us far
more control over what appears in the
ListView is also a good way to
understand how adapters work so I'll see
you in the next video